[Improve][Connector-V2][StarRocks]StarRocks Sink connector support 2pc and eos (#4752)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/sink/StarRocks.md

| retry_backoff_multiplier_ms | int     | no       | -               |
| max_retry_backoff_ms        | int     | no       | -               |
| enable_upsert_delete        | boolean | no       | false           |

> | enable-2pc                  | boolean | no       | false           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exactly-once                  | boolean | no       | false           |
```

Author: > 

Thank you for your suggestion, fix it

Whether to enable upsert/delete, only supports PrimaryKey model.

### enable-2pc [bool]

Whether to enable two-phase commit (2pc), the default is true, to ensure Exactly-Once semantics. For two-phase commit, please refer to [here](https://docs.starrocks.io/zh-cn/latest/loading/Stream_Load_transaction_interface).

### flush_frequency_ms [long]

> trigger flush frequency for batch writing ON EOS semantics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Trigger flush frequency for batch writing on Exactly-Once semantics.
```

Author: > Thank you for your suggestion, fix it
